could you make fifty thousand dollars in
120 days using only AI that was the
question that Jimmy slago and his team
asked themselves before starting their
new e-commerce business and today I have
the privilege of interviewing Jimmy and
asking him all of the questions about
this exciting new project I first
discovered Jimmy and this new startup on
Tick Tock and I was mind blown to see
that they are only relying on AI tools
like chat GPT and mid-journey to build
their entire business they're using it
literally every step of the way and
they're documenting every step of the
journey on Tick Tock this is an
absolutely fascinating journey and I'm
sure that they're going to be all over
the major headlines and on USA Today in
no time so without further Ado let's hop
into this interview it's so exciting to
listen to and I think that this idea is
so creative so here we go
thank you Jimmy welcome to the podcast
so flipping excited to have you on today
I was telling you before we got started
that I was scrolling through Tick Tock
the other night and your video came up
on my feet I was instantly hooked I
instantly was like okay I need to talk
to this guy and I need to know more so
in your own words why are we talking
today and and what is this exciting idea
that caught my attention as I scroll
through my for you page yeah totally
well first Brock thank you for for
having me on excited to dive into it and
so the the reason why we are here
speaking is we are using AI to launch an
e-commerce business for us where chat
GPT and mid-journey and other AI tools
are doing everything for us so so far it
shows the product it built out our
website it's made the decision on how
much we're going to charge and and
everything possible that we can make and
we're gonna see if we can get fifty
thousand dollars in sales in just 120
days crazy where'd this idea come from
yeah good question so this actually
isn't our main business we are a startup
that essentially has created a tool that
predicts the effectiveness of video ads
before Ecommerce companies ever have to
spend a dollar so Brands would upload a
video ad that they're planning on using
our AI model would then analyze it to
determine how effective it would be and
then Brands would be able to only use
the ads that drive sales and so we
wanted to put our money where our mouth
is and say hey if we believe in our tool
this much we should launch our own
eCommerce company to show people the
ultimate case study and then we added on
the little idea of well let's see if AI
can do everything for us not just the
product that we're using to just make it
feel organic yeah and see what the
potential of AI actually is gotcha so
this actual startup your your actual
main business is that something that our
listeners can potentially get involved
with have you launched yet I know you
said it's a startup so like if we do
have any business owners listening we
want to test their ads and have ai tell
them a little bit of background is that
something we can get involved with so
we're not live yet we're hoping to have
it live in the next month or so um but
we are looking for more data testers and
so people are really interested in the
idea we have a wait list of about 1100
Brands the ridge is like a super close
partner of ours and all this so it's
going to be pretty legit when we do
launch
that's awesome though once that does
launch we'll make sure to put the link
down in the description of the YouTube
video at the end in the show notes of
the podcast so anyone can apply maybe be
a beta tester or get well what have been
the initial challenges so far because
how far into this project are
yeah good question so we are now it's
currently week six okay we just posted
week four so we have a little bit of Gap
to be able to make and edit the content
and so the little sneak peek before Tick
Tock sees it or anyone else we're
actually flying to Arizona next week to
meet with the manufacturer that we
decided to go with who's going to be
creating the product and so it's uh
we're really excited that was the
biggest hold up that we've had thus far
because that's the only thing that AI
can't really do and it's a product from
background information it's a swim trunk
company that has a pouch for the male
anatomy to keep it PG and and so you
can't just drop ship this you can't find
it on Alibaba or anywhere else that we
had to custom make it and again Chad
told us that we should sell this product
so we had to listen so finding the
manufacturer has been the hardest part
but we finally did that and we're going
to be going out next week to see the
samples and all that good stuff gotcha
and I know you keep saying we so I know
you have a team you talked about that a
little bit in one of the tick tocks you
posted how many people are on your team
and do you have like different defined
roles or kind of how how's all that
working yeah good question so it
probably makes more sense to dive a
little more into our background so we
actually started as a tick tock
marketing agency in 2020 we were working
with a lot of emerging direct consumer
and e-commerce Brands we wanted to
figure out a way to scale more and so we
ended up launching a Marketplace that
connected Brands to creators in 2022
almost like a dating app for Brands meet
creators and so around that time we were
able to hire on our CTO our CTO is a
really impressive guy he is an X Tesla
machine learning engineer and it kind of
came in with this vision of hey you know
eventually it's going to get to the
point of where creators aren't going to
be making the video ads so like ugc is
very popular but I think that AI is
going to be able to do it better and so
at that moment we almost started to have
two separate companies we had the
creative team that had been a part of
the agency in the marketplace and now we
were having like this AI team and so the
the team that is working on the the swim
trunk company is more of our creative
team which it's me one of my co-founders
then we have an intern so it's just the
three of us doing this and then our
actual startup the machine learning team
we have four other full-time employees
working on that
gotcha tell me a little bit more about
the AI team so I know you mentioned
mid-journey you mentioned chat GPT can
you just walk some of my my audience who
might be new to the world of AI they
don't really know what it is they've
heard about Chow GPT but kind of scared
of it if they're not quite sure I think
a recent poll on my Instagram stories
showed me that over 60 of my followers
either didn't even know what chat GPT
was or they hadn't used it before so if
you're speaking to that person what the
heck are we even talking about right now
Jimmy yeah yeah that's that's a really
good question and I think the easiest
way to describe what chat gbt is is
think Google but a hundred times better
meaning that when you search something
instead of you having to go and look
through all these different articles
it's going to tell you the answer right
in front of you so if you were to look
up for example what is the best way to
grow on Tick Tock instead of you having
to read like hundreds of blogs chat TBT
would just do it for you and say hey
here's the eight step process on how you
can grow on Tick Tock and right now you
know the the information is still in
development it's only about six or seven
months old at this point but it's able
to actually create new things as well so
not only can It find the the most
relevant information but if you're like
hey write me a song that I could sing to
my wife or something like that it would
be able to generate a song for you and
you can customize it you can then
respond back and say I want the song to
be funnier and it would add in more
comedic aspects to it so it's it's
almost like this ultimate Google or
search engine but then also can create
things brand new for you so it's an
extremely powerful tool I highly
recommend just playing around with it
because I think it's going to blow your
mind
and then how have you specifically used
it for this startup I know you mentioned
earlier so the premise is we have 120
days to hit 50 000 and we want to have
basically AI do 100 of that or as much
of that process as it actually can do so
walk us through like what the first
couple steps were in getting this
started and maybe the different tools
you've used along the way yeah totally
so I mean it really started with us
saying hey we have this idea we want to
try to launch an e-commerce company and
scale it to fifty thousand dollars in
Revenue in 120 days what are some
popular Drop Shipping items that we
could do and it started to list out a
bunch of different things and different
products and ideas and we started to
refine it more of like okay if it's only
120 days we probably want something in
the summer then we ask it what are some
good summer items that we could use in
drop dip and and it brought up the idea
of swim trunks and we're like okay this
could be pretty fun so then we asked it
what are ways that we could make swim
trunks better we asked chat GPT this
chat gbd came back with this idea of an
ergonomic pouch and so and among other
ideas as well but we really like that
idea of that pouch we thought that hey
for our audience this is probably going
to be pretty funny we're going to have a
humor aspect to the brand and so then
that's how we got the initial idea and
from there we had to create our brand
name so we said what could be a good
funny name for this what could we call
this technology that is the actual pouch
itself and it created everything so it
called it the nut Nook so that's what
stuck they created our slogan which is
nuts about Comfort all the copy on our
website we then were said you know we
needed a website can you create the copy
that would be under each product our
hero text for the website are about us
page everything that you see if you go
to our website was either generated from
chat GPT or mid-journey which is an
image generator so that's where you
would just describe I need a man wearing
swim trunks on a beach with a cool
pattern and you would get an image that
that has never existed before created
right in front of your eyes and so we
were able to do that and and so that's
kind of the the high level overview of
how we use these tools to choose the
product use our branding and then also
generate our website to actually be able
to sell it's fascinating it's
fascinating I'm curious first of all
what's the actual website that people
can go to so they can see all these AI
generated copy and sales copy and the
actual images yeah so it's
lovehightide.com gotcha gotcha and
question and first of all if if you feel
comfortable sharing this how much
Capital have you invested of your own
company or your own money into this
process so far yep so we have a budget
of ten thousand dollars um right now
with getting the product having it
designed all the marketing to launch our
website and all of that I think we're
right around five thousand dollars at
this point gotcha gotcha so I would
imagine the the rest of that budget is
probably going to go to inventory or
advertising what's your plan there
yeah good question so we're hoping to do
some advertising to take in pre-orders
to help then with getting more and more
inventory that's the great thing about
e-commerce today is you can just sell a
good amount on pre-orders because you
know we're hoping to have this content
of everything that we've been doing so
far so yeah the rest of it is going to
be going towards advertising trying to
drive that up because once we start to
get sales then we can almost reinvest it
back into the business to be able to
continue to buy the inventory
totally how have pre-orders been I know
I'm one of them for for those of you
listening I as soon as I saw this I was
like I need to get Jimmy on the podcast
but also I need one of these shorts I
need some of these shorts for myself so
I instantly went to the website
pre-ordered a pair how is pre-orders
been going how has the the general
marketing and audience response been so
far
yeah good question so I think people are
still a little skeptical just because
they want to it's a higher price point
we're charging again chat CPT told us to
charge 75 dollars per pair and a lot of
people were pretty apprehensive about
that and so until I think they actually
see the product that we're gonna have
made and it's not just something that
you could find at Target or a Drop
Shipping pretty cheap products I think
people are going to be excited but right
now I think we're right around 650 in
pre-sales and we haven't spent any on
money on Advertising at this point yet
that's awesome so so far the only real
marketing that you've done is just the
tick tocks that you've been putting out
kind of updating the audience on the
process of creating this yep exactly so
everything's been organic as of now
which I wouldn't be surprised if that
was the case for the next couple weeks
until we start our advertising campaigns
gotcha and was it strategic to think
like Hey we're gonna involve everyone in
the process and kind of take them along
this journey with us was it you know
just kind of it how happened that you
were posting about it and because it's
such an interesting topic it's blowing
up and it was just like hey you guys got
lucky was it to document the process for
your own sake I'd love to hear more
about like thought behind the organic
marketing tick tocks and all that yeah
you know I think I think I learned a lot
from watching liquid death and the fact
that they could take probably the
hardest product to differentiate and as
long as you have a really good marketing
campaign or brand image behind something
it's gonna perform extremely well and so
for us that's what gets us really
excited is hey if we can get people
invested in our vision and the story of
how we got to point or from point A to
point B we think that that's just going
to carry a lot of weight and and
honestly I think that this could be
something you know for our team to just
be able to continue to have is this
crazy story that gets people really
excited to learn more about General Ai
and our actual startup not just this
experiment we've had a lot of people
come up to us and essentially Say Jimmy
what are you you going to do when this
swimsuit company starts to take off and
starts to perform really well like what
are you going to do with General AI or
our normal startups and so it's been
interesting even starting to have to
navigate that if things do start to pop
off of what we would do with with both
companies but yeah I mean I think I
think more than anything I just love
branding I love marketing I've been in
the space now for the past five six
years and it's just fascinating to look
into psychology and what really makes
people want to buy a brand and what does
brand even mean so I'm a little bit of a
nerd when it comes to that so it's been
a fun experiment to to be able to test
out all the principles totally I'm sure
and I'm sure a big part of that is how
important you know authenticity is and
building trust in a brand and especially
in a brand like yours which is quite
literally based 100 on AI there's like
probably actual amount of distrust that
people would have they're like you noted
in people like not being sure about the
price point but when I heard the price
point and I heard you guys backstory and
I see like the entire process what
clicks for me is oh I could totally
trust these guys I'm watching every step
of the way and so I want to commend you
on that I think you're building that
authenticity by allowing your audience
to see every step of the way and to
document every single week here's what's
going on here's here's what we're
working on here's what we've struggled
with this week so I'm curious how much
have you spent on these different AI
tools I know there's a million different
AI websites there's a million more
coming out every single week so how much
have you spent on the actual AI company
yeah and the actual AI component not a
lot we've really just used chat TPT in
mid-journey for now we're about to
launch our marketing campaigns so we're
literally just demoing as many AI
products as possible so I'm guessing
that will probably go up in the next
couple weeks but so far to date we've
only used cat gbt in big Journey which
mid journey I think is eight dollars a
month and chat gbt plus is 20 which you
don't even need Plus for chat GPT so
yeah it's it's not not expensive cool so
it might be one of those two and I know
those are pretty much the only two that
you you've used for this company do you
have a favorite AI tool between the two
do you have a favorite AI tool maybe
that you haven't necessarily used for
this but it's just your own personal
favorite that you want to tell everyone
about
yeah that's a good question and honestly
that's the inspiration behind why we
wanted to do this if we were building a
tool that was going to help e-commerce
brands in my mind we needed to know a
lot of the different tools for
e-commerce companies out there and
actually test them and know if they're
legit or not because I could go on and I
grew a tick tock following talking about
AI tools that I think looked really cool
but very rarely was I ever able to
actually apply them and and be able to
give my personal reviews and so this
whole process that we're going to be
going through also solves that pain
point of hey I also tested for my own
e-commerce company these 15 different AI
tools or 20 AI tools here are the ones
that really worked well and here are the
ones that didn't work well
um yeah to be honest with you I don't
think that there are a lot of AI tools
yet as of today that truly are better
than if you know how to use chat GPT in
the right way because they're all built
on chat gpt's infrastructure and so
um I wouldn't recommend people going out
trying to find all these different tools
when you know how to use chat gbt it's
really the only one that's worth your
money because it is so cheap still yeah
I love that that's a great point and
that's hopefully a great lesson that all
of my followers can learn and hopefully
that's also like a a reassuring calming
work for everyone to hear because you
know I myself even if it was so seeing
every new tick tock video about here's
15 new AI tools you need to be using and
it feels like I get lost when ultimately
myself I mainly just go back to using
chat GPT so it's reassuring to hear that
you know that pretty much still is the
best one out there that's the one that
most other AI tools are currently being
built on top of and so if you know how
to use that better or you know how to
use that effectively or efficiently it
can be just as powerful as anything else
it's really interesting I know you said
a minute ago that you kind of geek out
on the marketing and you're endured for
that stuff I love that talk to me more
about the social media grow what's it
been like how has your social component
maybe fueled the business and then are
you only on Tick Tock or are you also
diving into YouTube Instagram or
anywhere else
yeah yeah so I started to post content
in let's see it was the middle of
December because that's a slow time for
startups in general and so I started to
post about just AI tools that I was
Finding showcase a little demo and I was
able to grow I grew about 40 000
followers in a month just talking about
those AI tools and that's really when
when I started to realize okay you know
this is I like I see the power of being
a Creator I posted a demo of what we
were building and it got 700 000 views
and it drove a lot of what our waitlist
is today and so it was the first time
that I realized what exactly the impact
the Creator economy can have for a
business and if you start to build an
audience it's so much easier to create
any business that you want off of that
because you already have your first
initial users or people that just want
to support you and so that was the first
taste of it I probably won a solid two
three months where I didn't really post
a lot because I was trying to figure out
where my role in the whole content
Creation in AI world was and if I talked
about tools that didn't really matter in
the e-commerce space I felt like that
really wasn't that genuine then so in my
mind I was like how can I start to
create content that people in the
e-commerce space are really going to be
fascinated in and that's when we had the
idea of okay what if we did an
experiment where we could test out all
these AI tools see how well they
actually worked and launch our own
e-commerce company and then we can
become a thought leader in that space
and so in the four videos we posted I
think I've been able to grow a little
over 30 000 followers so far from those
and so it's been fun to see just the the
reaction and response from everyone and
you know it's it just goes to show that
when you talk about interesting things
it's going to get seen by a lot of
people especially on how social media
operates today absolutely I mean one of
your videos you mentioned that you like
looked around and tried to see if there
was like an AI tool that could design
your website for you but you ultimately
went back to what most people would
assume is the bread and butter can you
tell us a little bit about that what
eCommerce platform you ended up using
yeah for sure so we we tried to do a lot
of research finding e-commerce AI
website Builders we use two and honestly
the experience was just pretty rough in
general it felt very early stage to the
point at which I wouldn't really trust
running a business on them so we ended
up going with Shopify we kind of made
the conclusion of hey as long as we are
using cache EBT or mid-journey for all
the texts and all the images that's
essentially an AI created website but it
still took us a while so I'm excited for
the point at which you can just describe
what your product is the company the the
tone of all the copy and it's created
for you and that will be here soon
that's a cool thing and one
recommendation I have for anyone is just
figure out a way to stay in the loop
daily AI newsletters are super popular
everyone has one and they do a good job
of just telling you what is out there
and what's available because that's how
you're going to stay in the loop of how
fast this space moves but yet not feel
like you are missing out you're gonna
know it's available and then you get to
choose a okay do I want to use this or
not gotcha I love that I'm curious like
maybe something you haven't documented
or shared on social media yet have you
had any larger companies reach out have
you thought about like partnering with
any celebrities or influencers or have
any celebrities or influencers hit you
up I'm I'm curious like the behind the
scenes there if there's any of that
going on
yeah yeah not yet we're trying to do a
Fourth of July campaign and Joey
Chestnut we thought would be a really
good one partly because his last name is
chestnut our technology for the power
which is the nut Nook and so we could do
some fun spin on that but that's the
only one that we've thought of so far
and tried to reach out to so we'll see
what happens but yeah nothing nothing
yet I wouldn't be surprised if sooner or
later once people actually see that the
product is legit we'll show the behind
the scenes of us going to our
manufacturer in Arizona and I think then
people are really going to realize that
this isn't just an idea but it's real
totally because I'm sure that they'll be
able to like actually see it maybe even
see someone wearing it feel like you
actually holding the fabric material
rather than just like seeing these
images I'm sure there's going to be a
huge spike in in attention and
engagement and hopefully even sales when
people start to see that well Jimmy I'm
super excited I'm invested in paying
attention to your process and I'm I
can't wait to hear more updates thank
you so much for being on the show today
one last question before I let you go
when do you think my shorts will be
delivered
that's a good question our manufacturers
said that it would hopefully be around
30 days so we're hoping by yeah the the
middle to end of July is when you'd be
able to get the shorts perfect perfect
well I I will be more than happy to take
a video of myself take a bunch of photos
of myself in them let's talk all about
I'll definitely be of course besides
just this episode be talking about my
social because I just think this is such
a cool story and I'm sure in a matter of
no time your sales will be blowing up
and then your phone will be blowing up
with every major influencer and USA
Today and every news Outlet so Jimmy I'm
honored that we got to talk to you today
before you blown up but best of luck and
thank you so much for being here today
yeah thanks for the support Brock I
really appreciate it
[Music]